README.md, before:

# pick

![pick(1) usage](screencast.gif)

[pick(1)][pick]
reads a list of choices from `stdin` and outputs the selected choice to
`stdout`.
Therefore it is easily used both in pipelines and subshells:

```sh
# Select a file in the current directory to open using xdg-open(1):
$ find . -type f | pick | xargs xdg-open
# Select a command from the history to execute:
$ eval $(fc -ln 1 | pick)
```

[pick(1)][pick] can also be used from within Vim,
see the
[pick.vim][pick-vim]
plugin.

## Installation

### CRUX

Available in [`6c37/crux-ports`][crux].

### Debian and Ubuntu

A package for Pick is available As of [Debian 9][debian]
and [Ubuntu 16.04 LTS][ubuntu].

```sh
apt-get install pick
```

### Gentoo

Package is available from the [official repo][gentoo].

```sh
emerge pick
```

### Fedora/RHEL/CentOS

The RPM builds are not yet in the official repositories.
But you can use the
[COPR repo](https://copr.fedorainfracloud.org/coprs/freedomben/pick/)
for all currently supported distro versions, see
[Active Releases](https://copr.fedorainfracloud.org/coprs/freedomben/pick/):

```sh
sudo dnf install -y dnf-plugins-core && \
sudo dnf copr enable -y freedomben/pick && \
sudo dnf install -y pick
```

Alternatively, on Fedora 33 on x86_64 the RPM can be installed directly:

```sh
wget https://github.com/FreedomBen/pick-rpm/releases/download/v4.0.0/pick-4.0.0-1.fc33.x86_64.rpm
sudo dnf install pick-4.0.0-1.fc33.x86_64.rpm
```

If you are running RHEL, CentOS, Fedora 31/32, or if you are on ARM/aarch64
architecture, you can find appropriate RPMs on the
[RPM project releases page](https://github.com/FreedomBen/pick-rpm/releases).

For more information or to contribute to the RPM build, see the
[RPM project page](https://github.com/FreedomBen/pick-rpm).

### Void Linux

Package is available from the [official repo][void].

```sh
xbps-install pick
```

### Mac OS X via Homebrew

```sh
brew install pick
```

### Mac OS X via MacPorts

```sh
sudo port install pick
```

### FreeBSD via Ports

```sh
cd /usr/ports/sysutils/pick
make install clean
```

### FreeBSD via pkgng

```sh
pkg install pick
```

### NetBSD via pkgsrc

```sh
pkg_add pick
```

### OpenBSD

```sh
pkg_add pick
```

### From source

```sh
./configure
make install
```

## Copyright

Copyright (c) 2019 Calle Erlandsson, Anton Lindqvist & thoughtbot.

[crux]: https://github.com/6c37/crux-ports
[current]: https://github.com/mptre/pick/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[debian]: https://packages.debian.org/stable/misc/pick
[gentoo]: https://packages.gentoo.org/packages/sys-apps/pick
[pick-vim]: https://github.com/calleerlandsson/pick.vim
[pick]: https://www.basename.se/pick/
[release]: https://github.com/mptre/pick/releases/
[ubuntu]: https://packages.ubuntu.com/xenial/pick
[void]: https://github.com/void-linux/void-packages/blob/master/srcpkgs/pick/template

Commit message:

Add official Fedora Linux package

README.md, after:

# pick

![pick(1) usage](screencast.gif)

[pick(1)][pick]
reads a list of choices from `stdin` and outputs the selected choice to
`stdout`.
Therefore it is easily used both in pipelines and subshells:

```sh
# Select a file in the current directory to open using xdg-open(1):
$ find . -type f | pick | xargs xdg-open
# Select a command from the history to execute:
$ eval $(fc -ln 1 | pick)
```

[pick(1)][pick] can also be used from within Vim,
see the
[pick.vim][pick-vim]
plugin.

## Installation

### CRUX

Available in [`6c37/crux-ports`][crux].

### Debian and Ubuntu

A package for Pick is available As of [Debian 9][debian]
and [Ubuntu 16.04 LTS][ubuntu].

```sh
apt-get install pick
```

### Gentoo

Package is available from the [official repo][gentoo].

```sh
emerge pick
```

### Fedora Linux

Package is available from the [official repo][fedora].

```sh
dnf install pick
```

### RHEL/CentOS

If you are running RHEL, CentOS, Fedora 31-33, or if you are on ARM/aarch64
architecture, you can find appropriate RPMs on the
[RPM project releases page](https://github.com/FreedomBen/pick-rpm/releases).

For more information or to contribute to the RPM build, see the
[RPM project page](https://github.com/FreedomBen/pick-rpm).

### Void Linux

Package is available from the [official repo][void].

```sh
xbps-install pick
```

### Mac OS X via Homebrew

```sh
brew install pick
```

### Mac OS X via MacPorts

```sh
sudo port install pick
```

### FreeBSD via Ports

```sh
cd /usr/ports/sysutils/pick
make install clean
```

### FreeBSD via pkgng

```sh
pkg install pick
```

### NetBSD via pkgsrc

```sh
pkg_add pick
```

### OpenBSD

```sh
pkg_add pick
```

### From source

```sh
./configure
make install
```

## Copyright

Copyright (c) 2019 Calle Erlandsson, Anton Lindqvist & thoughtbot.

[crux]: https://github.com/6c37/crux-ports
[current]: https://github.com/mptre/pick/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
[debian]: https://packages.debian.org/stable/misc/pick
[gentoo]: https://packages.gentoo.org/packages/sys-apps/pick
[pick-vim]: https://github.com/calleerlandsson/pick.vim
[pick]: https://www.basename.se/pick/
[release]: https://github.com/mptre/pick/releases/
[ubuntu]: https://packages.ubuntu.com/xenial/pick
[void]: https://github.com/void-linux/void-packages/blob/master/srcpkgs/pick/template
[fedora]: https://src.fedoraproject.org/rpms/pick
