tests/README.md, before:

Test suite
==========

The test suite consists of a shell script `test.sh` responsible for running
tests written in the file format described below and `pick-test.c` which will
invoke pick with a pseudo-terminal. This allows sending keyboard input sequences
and reading the output on exit.

The recommended way to run the test suite is using `make(1)`:

```sh
make check || cat test-suite.log
```

Use the `-j` option with a value matching the number of cores on your machine to
speed-up the process:

```sh
make -jN check || cat test-suite.log
```

To run one or more specific tests:

```sh
env TESTS=tests/01.t make -e check || cat test-suite.log
```

Format of test files
--------------------

A test file consist of fields where field names are terminated with `:` and the
rest of line is recognized as the corresponding field value. Some fields allow
multi-line values. A trival example:

```
description: select the first choice
keys: \\n
stdin:
1
2
stdout:
1
```

The following fields are recognized:

- args

Arguments passed to the pick process as is.

- description

Purpose of the test.

- exit

Exit code of the pick process, defaults to `0` if omitted.

- keys

Sequence of characters sent as keyboard input to the pick process. The value
will be sent through `printf(1)` prior sending it to the pick process. Spaces
will be stripped, if not escaped. A backslash character is expressed as `\\`,
thus newline equals `\\n` and space `\\ `.

- stdin

Multi-line input to the pick process.

- stdout

Expected multi-line output from the pick process. If omitted, output assertion
is not performed.

Commit message:

Add comment support to tests
In order to clarify the used keys in each test case. Comments may be
placed anywhere on a line. This works since a leading comment will be
evaluated to:

  eval "# comment goes here=''"

... which is an no-op. Trailing comments are stripped using a sh(1)
suffix substitute parameter.

tests/README.md, after:

Test suite
==========

The test suite consists of a shell script `test.sh` responsible for running
tests written in the file format described below and `pick-test.c` which will
invoke pick with a pseudo-terminal. This allows sending keyboard input sequences
and reading the output on exit.

The recommended way to run the test suite is using `make(1)`:

```sh
make check || cat test-suite.log
```

Use the `-j` option with a value matching the number of cores on your machine to
speed-up the process:

```sh
make -jN check || cat test-suite.log
```

To run one or more specific tests:

```sh
env TESTS=tests/01.t make -e check || cat test-suite.log
```

Format of test files
--------------------

A test file consist of fields where field names are terminated with `:` and the
rest of line is recognized as the corresponding field value. Some fields allow
multi-line values. Everything after `#` and up to the next newline is treated as
a comment.

A trivial example:

```
description: select the first choice
keys: \\n
stdin:
1
2
stdout:
1
```

The following fields are recognized:

- args

Arguments passed to the pick process as is.

- description

Purpose of the test.

- exit

Exit code of the pick process, defaults to `0` if omitted.

- keys

Sequence of characters sent as keyboard input to the pick process. The value
will be sent through `printf(1)` prior sending it to the pick process. Spaces
will be stripped, if not escaped. A backslash character is expressed as `\\`,
thus newline equals `\\n` and space `\\ `.

- stdin

Multi-line input to the pick process.

- stdout

Expected multi-line output from the pick process. If omitted, output assertion
is not performed.
